/**
 * Problem set5
 * Questions.txt
 *
 * Masatoshi Nishiguchi
 * nishiguchi.masa@gmail.com
 */


 0.How many different colors does each format support?

        BMP:  16,777,216 (24bit RGB)
        GIF:         256 ( 8bit RGB)
        JPEG: 16,777,216 (24bit RGB)
        PNG:  16,777,216 (24bit RGB)

  
 1. Which of these formats supports animation?
            
        GIF
        

 2. What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
  
        lossy compression:
        - compresses data by discarding (losing) some of it. 
        - permits reconstruction only of an approximation of the original data.
         
        lossless compression:
        - allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data. 
       

 3. Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
          
        JPEG


 4. What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
 
        First, the system modifies the filename’s first character in the file’s directory entry 
        to signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled. 
        Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters.
        The actual file data is never touched. 
    

 5. What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?

        Physically destroying the drive, rendering it unusable.
        

 6. What’s stdint.h?

        It defines exact width integer types. 


 7. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

        It enhances the portability of programs because exact size is guaranteed regardless of system.


 8. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? 
    (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)

        DWORD: 4 bytes
        LONG:  4 bytes
        WORD:  2 bytes


 9. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?
    (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"

        in ASCII:       BM
        in decimal:     66, 77
        in hexadecimal: 0x42, 0x4D


10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

        bfSize: the size of the BMP file in bytes
        biSize: the size of BITMAPINFOHEADER


11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

        It means that the bitmap is stored from the top to bottom with the origin at the upper left corner.


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

        biBitCount
    

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    
        Because fopen may fail for instance: 
        - if operating system is out of memory; or
        - if we try to open a file or directory without proper permissions.


14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

        Because we read only one set of structured data. 


15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

        1
    

16. What does fseek do?

        move the file position indicator to a different point in the file 


17. What is SEEK_CUR?

        Current position of the file pointer


18. Whodunit?

        Milo banana dun it.
        
        
